DOCS: Add Numpy issues (#5705)
ansys/pyaedt: doc/source/Getting_started/Troubleshooting.rst

Now run the PyAEDT script, (making sure it connects to the same port as the gRPC server - 50051).
Capture the output in a file. For example *client.txt*. Then send all the logs
to `Ansys Support <https://www.ansys.com/it-solutions/contacting-technical-support>`_.

Numpy compatibility
-------------------

> If you use Numpy 2.x, you may encounter compatibility issues with PyAEDT and PyEDB.
> 
> If you encounter compatibility issues with Numpy, you need to import PyAEDT or PyEDB first and then Numpy.
> Since version 2.0, Numpy conflicts with the dotnetcore library required to initialize PyAEDT in COM mode.
> 
> If you use gRPC or previous numpy releases, you do not need to worry about this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Numpy 2.Y.Z, you may encounter compatibility issues with PyAEDT or PyEDB.

This kind of problem can occur when a user is in a Linux environment and wants to use .NET.
If you encounter such issue, you can try patching it by importing PyAEDT or PyEDB before any import of Numpy.

.. note::
    If you use gRPC or previous Numpy releases, you shouldn't be impacted with this issue.
```
